[Music]
Ethan Hunt is alerted by the IMF that
someone has used his identity to assist
biochemical expert dr. Vladimir
nekhorvich to enter the United States
only to kill him in a subsequent plane
crash nekhorvich an old friend of Ethan
had forewarned the IMF of his arrival
planning to deliver to them a new weapon
chimera and it's cure Valera 'then he
was forced to develop these by bio sight
pharmaceuticals IMF determines that
rogue IMF agent Shawn Ambrose is
responsible I am F assigns Ethan to
recover the virus and it's cure it also
insists that he recruits nya Nordhoff
halt
a professional thief presently operating
in Seville Spain later Ethan finds out
that she is Ambrose's ex-girlfriend
after recruiting Naya
Ethan assembles his team computer expert
Luther stickell and pilot Billy Baird in
Sydney Australia where bio site
laboratories are located and Ambrose is
staying as Ethan stakes out bio site nya
gets close to Ambrose and begins to
learn about the Chimera virus at a horse
racing event Ambrose meets with bio site
CEO John C McCleod he shows McCoy a
video of chimera affecting one of
nekhorvich his colleagues he then
blackmails McCleod into cooperating with
him
nya steals video footage and transfers
it to Ethan Ethan's team learn that
chimera has a 20-hour dormant period
before it causes death by mass
destruction of the victims red blood
cells
Bellerophon can only save the victim if
used within that 20 hour window the IMF
team kidnaps McCoy to force him to give
up Bellerophon however they learned that
the only samples of Bellerophon were
taken by nekhorvich
and are now in Ambrose's hands Ambrose
has the cure but does not have the virus
which nekhorvich injected himself with
as a result
Ambrose forced McCoy to exchange a
sample of the virus for a sample of
Valera v the team break into bio site to
destroy the virus
Ambrose posing as Ethan tricks nya into
revealing his plan
Ambrose captures nya and raids bio site
to secure
virus Ethan is able to destroy all but
one sample of the virus before Ambrose
intervenes and a firefight ensues
Ambrose orders nya to retrieve the last
sample of chimera she injects herself
with it
preventing Ambrose from simply killing
her to get it Ambrose takes nya way and
Ethan escaped from the laboratory
Ambrose lets nya wander the streets of
Sydney in a daze intending to start a
pandemic he offers to sell Bellerophon
to McCoy in exchange for stock options
to make him the majority shareholder he
predicts that the price of biocide stock
will skyrocket due to demand for
Bellerophon after the chimera outbreak
Ethan infiltrates the meeting and steals
the remaining samples of Bellerophon
while Ethan is pursued by Ambrose Luther
and Billie locate nya who was wandered
to a cliffside intent on killing herself
to prevent chimera from spreading Ethan
eventually gained the upper hand over
Ambrose and kills him with little time
left on the twenty hour countdown Luther
reaches even takes bull air vent and
injects nya with it IMF clears Naya's
criminal record and Ethan starts his
vacation with her in Sydney
[Music]